
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCPGd0copHM

I'm John Deeds. I'm director of enterprise cloud solutions at Civo. Uh really excited to introduce a new product today. I joining me today is my dear friend Rishi. Rishi, would you mind taking a second to just introduce yourself? Hey everyone. Myself Rishi. I'm from India. I work as a platform engineer at Civo. And my day-to-day operations involves uh to playing with the tools around Kubernetes and I belong to the cloud native team. at Civo. Happy to be here and introducing our product. Thank you, buddy. Yeah, now it's uh it's it's great to be here. For I I I'm I'm basically trying to combine a whole bunch of different audiences in this first live stream that I'm doing with Civo. Um for those in my audience that came from the Coop First ecosystem, uh welcome. I we have a very exciting new product uh that um frankly I hope uh supersedes uh Coop First. Um it's a uh similar type of uh platform but architected very very differently and has a lot of exciting new angles to it. Um our uh Coop First uh platform, our Coop First project, I our team has been working for years and years and years in this platform engineering space. This is where I this is where I know Rishi from. Um and uh about a year and a half ago uh we were acquired by Civo and given an opportunity to uh reassess what we're doing from a architecture standpoint now that we have uh the support of a public cloud in our pocket, um which makes it uh very different game. Uh and we're really excited to show you today uh little bit of what we've been up to. Um so before we get into that, I I feel like I should set the stage with a little bit of a description about the problem space that we're tackling. Um if you're a platform engineer or you've been in Kubernetes for you know, a year, 5 years, 10 years, uh you already know this story really well. You spent close to a year wiring up whole bunch of cloud native tech so that you could build an open source cloud native platform for your company. And this includes a lot of uh stitching together of uh some uh complex micro products that do very specific jobs in Kubernetes. Um we're talking about Argo CD. I for GitOps, we're talking about uh Crossplane or Terraform for infrastructure as code. We're talking about tools like cert-manager, external DNS, tools that we all know and love that we're all using on our platforms. Uh some type of secrets management with a good abstraction layer. Uh you probably got some self-hosted runners working for you now. And you're feeling pretty good and then it's time to uh address that same set of problems for the next team in your company. And the next team you come to find has all of these different needs. Um the foundation is the same, but everything that makes their applications uh work well is slightly different from the first team's. Um and as you go from team to team, it compounds the problem space of what it is that you're trying to engineer. And the difficulty of providing golden paths to your organization gets more and more complex because the industry hasn't yet given you a space to register your components and distribute it to your organization. And that's the reality for most platform teams right now. About 40% of engineering time at Fortune 500 companies goes to configuration of tools and troubleshooting. It doesn't go to building, it doesn't go to shipping code, it goes to configuring your platform. Um and that's that's an area of cloud native that needs attention badly. Um it's not a niche problem either. Platform engineering's a $6 billion market and it's growing at 24% year over year. Gartner says that 80% of large organizations have platform teams in 2026. Um the DORA report says it's 90%. Um however, only 22% report being satisfied with their IDP. Um that's unacceptable, but it makes sense. Some of these tools are incredibly complex to uh exaggerate the point, let me pick on um the most popular portal option out there, Backstage. Um costs over $2 million over a 3-year uh investment and takes seven engineers to stand up. I and it's just a portal. That doesn't even provide the platform. That's just a way to get a screen in front of your engineers that makes sense, that guides them to build the stuff that needs to be built. So, that's the problem space that Construct is solving. Construct is a control plane that distributes self-service open source internal developer platforms. Um and I really want you to hold on to the word distributes because that's the thing that's going to differentiate us from all the other platform technologies that are out there. Uh you do your Google searches. We're all using the same same SEO terms. Um but only Construct is going to deliver you a batteries included self-service distributable platform that's ready to go on minute one, but allows you to configure and customize literally every single component of the platform so that you can be delivering to your development teams the pieces that you need your way. So there's three things that I hope that you'll remember from this live stream. First is that we're talking about hours and not months. Um this is a complete IDP that I a team will be able to receive with literally a click. Um and you get to define what that click does. Um second is that it's your code and that there's zero lock-in. The way that we've architected Construct is fundamentally different than all of our competition. Our competition's trying to uh get you to use their products. They're trying to hook you into their API and keep you forever. Uh keep a black box and a high wall between you and the technology that's doing the platform building work and we are the opposite. The first thing that we do is give you a GitOps repository and place your infrastructure as code and platform tools and templates in there so that you have full control of 100% of everything that the platform does. So the third thing that I want you to take away is that you're going to get enterprise power on day one. Um and uh Construct is uh complex enough to uh accommodate the needs of the enterprise, um but we've architected it in a way where we can offload a lot of that burden by hosting a control plane ourselves. And then you get to just use Construct as a team if you're small enough that you just have one team. Um but with this isolation that we get to host in our hosted control plane or that you get to self-host in whatever cloud or bare metal environment you want, you're going to get isolation layers of the control plane being separated um from your team's infrastructure. You're going to have cloud account isolation, management tier separation, workload clusters, GitOps repository boundaries, Argo CD project scoping with good RBAc so that developers can only do what you intend for developers to be able to do. And we even have V clusters that run in our um host workload clusters so that if you need to be able to uh allow your dev teams to distribute cluster-wide resources, they're free to do that without impacting anyone else. It's a very good uh multi-tenant ecosystem. Um the way that the uh system's architected, I that control plane up top is [clears throat] the one that we have some optionality as to whether or not you want us to host it. Um we host our control plane in the Civo cloud. Um or if you want full control of everything, you get to self-host the control plane in whatever cloud or bare metal environment you want to consider your home base. Once you have that control plane, every team that you add to Construct gets their own management cluster and workload cluster. Uh and the management cluster is a fully isolated self-service management ecosystem that's responsible for the provisioning of the workload clusters, responsible for the delivery of the applications that go to those clusters, um and responsible for the builds and delivery of all the applications that you need shipped to these clusters. So on day one, um every uh team management cluster comes pre-integrated with a lot of these really impactful platform engineering tools. Um we have great ways to provision clusters. We have great ways to deliver apps. And we extend to you the ability to define your clusters however you want. So if you see some tools in our list that aren't exactly the tools that you would be using, that is perfect. That's okay. That's exactly how we designed the system to be. You're able to flip out our templates with your templates and replace our tools with your tools, but you still get to take advantage of our upstream for all the components that you don't want to have your own opinions for. Most platforms in the space are pretty monolithic. We're talking one portal, one namespace, one set of configs, and everyone has to share all of it, and Construct is here to flip that script. We distribute complete isolated platforms to each team, with the right security boundaries for your platform engineering team to keep each downstream business unit isolated. So, for us in our hosted control plane, we get to treat you as our downstream business units. If you're a small enough team and you just have one set of applications that you want to deliver to one set of Kubernetes clusters, hop into our hosted control plane, create your first management cluster, create some workload clusters, start shipping apps. You couldn't have an easier experience. If you're a more uh I uh complex enterprise environment, maybe you have 20 business In fact, Construct itself was built with one of the largest semiconductor companies in the world, and we know that it scales extremely far. So far that the same technology that we're going to use in our hosted control plane, these enterprises are using in their self-hosted control planes in a way where they get to have their own paths with their own rules and their own opinions. But a lot of teams, that's going to be too much complexity for them. A lot of teams just have, you know, a couple development teams and really just one set of infrastructure that they care about. So, our hosted control plane provides a great environment for that ecosystem. The comparison table of tool to the other platform tools that are in the space basically speaks for itself. The key rows to pay attention to is that Construct deploys a full stack on day one. Each team gets isolated instances. Everything's GitOps-native. You own the code. The time to production is hours, and TCO at scale is a fraction of the alternatives. And as I was saying, there's two ways to get started. You can start in our hosted control plane in Civo. You just sign up for at the Civo Cloud. You create an organization, connect your cloud accounts, and start provisioning. My buddy Rishi is here with me today, and he's going to show you that whole experience. We're going to be production-ready, hopefully in under 30 minutes, I bet. Um and with our hosted control plane in Civo, because we're currently alpha, we we're allowing as many as two hosted control plane clusters to be under management with no license costs. And for self-hosted, if you need to be in any cloud, if you need to be if you want your home base to be in a bare metal environment, for example, or in AWS EKS, or wherever you want your home base to be, one in one home install on any Kubernetes cluster is all you'll need. We're ready to be air-gapped, sovereign, full control, hybrid, multi-cloud, whatever you need. So, either way, you own the management cluster, the GitOps repo, all the workload clusters. You have some optionality as whether we host the control plane or you host the control plane, but no matter what you pick, if we were to disappear tomorrow, your platform keeps running. Your open-source ecosystem just keeps on chugging. So, that's a really good architectural place to be if you're investing in us in your company. Three people in every organization need this tool. Platform engineers, I know that you're building a great platform right now. I know that you know your cloud-native inside now, just like I do. And I know that it probably sounds like I'm trying to replace it, and I'm not. What I'm trying to do is introduce a new type of technology that allows you to take those pieces that you're building, whether it be IAC, platform tooling, integrations with GitHub, whatever it is that makes your platform so special. Construct has produced an environment where you can register those components and deploy it portably anywhere forever. And so, we're not here to replace your platform. If you don't have a platform yet, we have a great platform you can start from. But if you already have a platform, Construct is still for you. You just have to register those components with our ecosystem. Engineering leaders, we're talking day one ROI. I can't stress that any more than the millions of dollars that it would cost to build and replace this, and what we're offering on day one, I expect will be far beyond what your platform engineering team has put together for you so far. Development teams, I know you're frustrated. I I see the frustration with every company that I talk to. Developers are frustrated with their lack of self-service developer experience, and Construct is here to solve that problem, too. The problem, though, to describe it this way, is that the platform team has to be able to protect the platform, but the development teams need self-service and autonomy and full governance over their ability to deliver updates. And Construct is here to bridge that gap between the platform team and the application development team, so that every app dev team can safely have a self-service platform that was designed the way the platform team developed it. So, that's enough of me talking. All I do, this guy. I have my dear friend Rishi with me today to help us look at a little bit of Construct as it's hosted in the Civo hosted control plane. Rishi, if you wouldn't mind unmuting and you got your screen share up, and we're ready to take a look at some Construct. Yeah, hey everyone. So, as I described, we'll be just going through the steps of how you can get started and deliver your deliver your applications in a Kubernetes environment. So, the prerequisite for this one would be that you need you need to sign in to Civo and have a Civo account. And once you have that and you under a particular organization, you can then log in into Civo with the OIDC. Then, I'll just switch to my link. details. Then, this will this will show the list of available orgs you are under, and I'll be just taking Construct org that I'm in for the demo. Then, once I'm in, we land at the home page. One of the thing So, Construct is a GitOps-driven platform, and for that prerequisite, we need a GitHub org where we can install the GitHubs repository. So, GitHubs repository in general is a term which is used uh which is used to just say that you manage your applications and infrastructure in Kubernetes environment through version control YAML files. So, basically, your Git repo that will be created will be your source of truth. It doesn't matter if it's in GitHub, GitLab, but Construct's SaaS today only supports GitHub. So, so for that, we have to go under the organizations tab here. And I go to the Git connection. So, we use GitHub app-based approach because it gives us granular way of dynamically managing permissions, which is an advantage over personal access tokens. So, we just need to hit connect here, and it will show me the list of available organizations which I want to use. So, I'll be Sorry, Rishi. That I just to describe that a little bit, that one's not popping up on screen, but there's a dialogue modal up right now that's showing him as available organizations to select from. Okay, yeah. Maybe I'm not sure what needs Oh, maybe I had to share my entire screen. Yeah, that's okay. Okay. So, you'll just get a dialogue box of your organizations that you're in, and you just need to select which organization you want the GitHubs repo, and if I just select that, I just need to 2FA. Yeah, as we see, I selected the org, and here if I visit that repository, we see that a readme was created with the name of the Construct GitHubs. Basically, Construct was my organization name, and we suffix it with the GitHubs name. And once I do that, so that our next step would be to create a cloud account. So, cloud accounts are the accounts So, you can select what cloud provider account you want your infrastructure resources to be. So, we support multi-cloud as well, but it's not available on SaaS today. It's only supported in self-hosted version. So, we'll be just sticking to the Civo uh Civo Cloud. the same thing. And I can now put internal account and just paste my API key and just create with cloud account. So, once I do that, so the next step for us would be to provision clusters. And so the first cluster that we will create, I think as we saw the architecture before was the management cluster. So the management cluster is the So it drives it contains the core platform tools that will drive your whole infrastructure. So by the core platform tools I meant Argo CD, then crossplane which is responsible for provisioning the infrastructure. Then we have cert manager, cert issuers, Envoy gateway and all those things. I just need to select construct here. Create a management cluster. I need to select custom template. So by default we give you pre-registered management template that you can use to provision that cluster. And since we're using GitHub based approach, we don't need a token. And I'll just call this like construct management. And I'll just select the account that I want to be in. In the cloud region I'll just select maybe London one. Then instance size. So we give you an highly available Argo CD. So three-node cluster would be preferred one. And that's all. You just need to hit create cluster. And once you hit that, so if you remember we have this GitHub repository that we and if I just refresh that So we see us So it got hydrated with a bunch of files. So if you can go through each of them. So first one is the registry clusters. So this folder contains all the config of the clusters that you will be provisioning using construct. So since we named our cluster of the So since we named the management cluster name as construct management that was committed here. So let's assume we create another workload cluster testing one, testing two. Those contents will be created here. And if I go to the templates. So this is like a sample template like a foundation which gives you an idea of how you can develop your custom templates over and use them to provision workload clusters. And the last one will be the Terraform. So Terraform is just the reference which your workload clusters will use to provision. So if this just contains basically the Civo's Terraform based providers and some hardback tools. So if I go to the construct UI now So I already have a management cluster provisioned for the demo. So all I need to do is to is go to select organization. I'll just switch the org because it will take some time for that one, but we can come back on that sometime. So if I go to the demo organization So here if I select the demo organization So you see we got a management cluster healthy already which is in NYC1 and three-node cluster. So today when you create a management cluster as we told that we give you a core platform tooling mainly Argo CD. So you get your own Argo CD for each organization. And the way that you can visit that would be uh either going through the URL like redirecting yourself to the URL or you can the convention would be Argo CD dash your cluster name dot SAS dot construct.io. Uh And once I'm in there So basically this is if I go to settings and repositories So we see that it's already connected to my demo organization. Let's go there. So this was the GitHubs repository that I created for that org. And we see the same format of the templates like there is registry templates, Terraform committed in the same fashion as we saw for the construct GitHubs here. And so that So the next step would be to create workload clusters. And again I have created them already, but we can create one more workload clusters. And again when you're trying to create a workload cluster we again give you a pre-registered template. You just select that one and hit connect. And here I can just call it like testing. Then I can choose So I have two cloud accounts [clears throat] here associated. I choose pre-prod. Maybe select London one this time. Then one medium. And And the workload cluster module URL I just need to put my GitHubs URL in there. And Yes. And that's all. I just need to hit create cluster. So what this will do is as I told earlier if I go to the GitHubs repo and under registry uh clusters As I told like we will see the whole cluster config content under registry clusters. As you see that now I provisioned testing cluster a lot of YAML files got committed. And so basically provide a config infrastructure. So these are crossplane related resources. Then we also hydrate your cluster with cert manager, Envoy gateway. Yeah And this is because if I go to the templates and the templates here. So it basically references whatever applications are in here. So for example I used this template to create that workload cluster. So that's why you know that cluster will get shipped with cert manager, Envoy gateway, reloader. Now you can add as many applications that you feel are important to drive your applications and make that that as a template. And you can come to the construct UI and go to cluster templates and just register them. And while cluster provisioning you can just select them from the drop down and use that to create the cluster. So that implementation Rishi with the um uh the ability to host your own cluster templates and your own GitHubs repo and then use them to create your workload clusters and your workload clusters are just uh hydrated versions of your templates. So your template says that it's going to be a Civo cluster or it's going to be an EKS cluster or it's going to be a GCP cluster. Um and it lays out what tools are supposed to be in those clusters and what order the tools are supposed to be installed in. Um but you can just change whatever you want about those templates and have all kinds of different flavors of your company's workload clusters. Is that right? Yes, 100%. I like we do not you know hydrate much, but you can again configure that as per the needs of the applications that you will be delivering. So for example if your application needs to be needs to have a endpoint then it's good to have an external DNS here like cert issuers and all those things. So right on. And one more detail on that. I saw when you were creating workload cluster it was prompting you for input information about how to provide details about the cluster that you're creating. Can you describe a little bit about those inputs and how somebody could get a new variable added to a template and use it? Yeah, that's a good point. So whenever So we register a template here and as I showed that if you go to templates uh workload cluster. So we follow a Helm based registration. So if you see this is like just another Helm chart. So in cube Alex Helm chart is a way to uh bundle Kubernetes manifests and deliver it as a single unit. So we just like for example the values that get popped here when I hit connect uh like So these values are driven from the values.yaml here. So if you look at the workload Terraform module URL that was this one here. And I think another one was We job is So this was a static image. So if you want to create a new variable then you have to follow this pattern here which is again like documented in the docs. Uh so like input type, input description, then what is the if it's a required field then you can have a enum option as well. Basically you will get a drop down. And so there are like by default some fields like cluster name, cloud account. Like those are the fields that you can't really put in values.yaml. We just make it compulsory you to you know for you to fill those. And yes, so that's how these values get populated. So for example if I Let me maybe add a new variable. I input type string, input description maybe something like uh DNS uh domain. Then I just say domain name. And if I just give it uh example.com. Then if I just hit commit changes, commit. And let me go construct. I just workload cluster custom template. Connect. So we see that our domain name was populated with the pre-filled value that I had. So in that way you can configure as many values that you think that either needs to be hardcoded or it can be a enum and stuff. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. And just so to explain that to any members of like backstage audience or like whatever tech maybe you're doing some homegrown user interfaces for your platform developer experience, but like that's a lot of hard work that just disappears by using construct. We're basically taking the concept of like reference architecture and we're calling them templates, but that reference architecture is actually used as the way that these clusters get created and then the form inputs that your users need to be able to define the details that you make available to the end user for how that cluster gets created will dynamically create a form for your end users based on the spec that you define and provide them the ability to provide input to the instances that we create. So really cool combination of tech. It's all basically based on where we are architecturally because we have the ability to understand your infrastructure, your get ecosystem and your organization our back rules. We're able to basically give your developers the experience that you're after, that they're after without adding any additional tech to it. So thanks for showing that Rishi. What should we flip to next? I guess we should probably get into Maybe talk about environments. Maybe we skip that while provisioning the workload cluster. I would love that. Let's do. Yes, so we have an environments tab here. So basically your application wants to be delivered to multiple environments and we we give you a way that in a single cluster you can isolate environments and deliver applications to those environments. So if you see here I have already created pre-created environments which is called development, production and staging. And we have another field called namespaces. So these are like Kubernetes namespaces. Like for example like in Kubernetes namespaces are like the way that you isolate applications and from each other. So I just gave it the same name. And when I created cluster for example the pre-prod and the prod cluster, I associated pre-prod cluster with development and staging and the production cluster with production, but I forgot to associate environments when I created testing cluster. So what I would do is I would just go to environments page, then click on edit here on the environments. Then I get the organization I'm in and I can just select the testing cluster as well. So basically this will say hey, okay, I forgot to associate an environment to a cluster and let me dynamically do that even after the cluster is created. And so if I hit save, so what this should do is if I go to the GitHubs repo again go to registry. So apart from clusters there is another folder here called environments. So environment is like a one-to-many mapping. Like many clusters can belong to a single environment. So for example if I go to development, we see that two clusters are associated to that environment and why we do this we will get when we are doing the application delivery part. And so basically that's what it did. So it will just create that environment in that particular cluster and which will help us to deliver applications in in some time that we will be seeing. And yeah, I think that was regarding environments that I wanted to touch. Are there any No, that's perfect. Let's yeah, let's get into application repositories. Yeah, so so the next step is application delivery. I think this is what most developers care about like they would like to play with infrastructure on day one, but on day 10 they'll be like why am I even doing this? And I they just need their applications to be you know received by the world. They want to just put it on the internet and people to see that. So let's assume I do not know much about Kubernetes. I'm like a very newbie to that one. Then how would I use construct to deliver that? So if I go to my organization, I have a sample repo called Zippy. And Zippy is just like a simple go app I think. It's I think there's nothing in here. It's a server that's running and so the pre-requisite for you to be able to use construct to deliver applications is a docker file and that's all. Like your docker file should be able you know, it should be you know in a way that we can build images. And yeah, that's the only pre-requisite that you have to do. So the first thing that for me to deliver this application to a cluster I would go to the construct UI, go to the app repositories and register an app repo. So here I'll just select my organization, then my Zippy repository. I'll just call name it Zippy. Just the name of. Then here we have some templates that I'll get you in like once I register, I'll show what's the importance of those. I'll just select default. Again, these are all the pre-registered templates that we give you with you when you onboard. So you can just select them GitHub actions. And I want this repository to be delivered in a development, staging and production environments. So I just do development, staging, and production. And when I hit register, so what this would do is if I now visit Zippy, so this will pre-bake your repository with some fundamental files that is required for you to be for your application to be delivered to Kubernetes. And we'll go through through them one by one. So get dot GitHub I think if you're using GitHub I think you would be aware of what dot GitHub workflows would be. So we give you two files. One is the deploy.yml and publish.yml. So first going through the publish.yml, what all this does is it basically takes the docker file that I told you is a pre-requisite. It will build a docker image and it will push and it will build a helm chart. Again, a helm chart we covered previously and it will push to the GHCR. So like every organization comes with a packages and you see that there's already a Zippy chart that's there and the image. So basically this is the docker image and this is the helm chart that was bundled and shipped. And if I go to the repository to Zippy once more, yeah, so publish.yml is basically that it helps to build image and ship the charts. Then we have deploy.yml. Like we we spoke about environments previously like how they can be many clusters associated to environment and you can have your application across many clusters in different environments. So this helps you to promote your applications through different environments through our just our workflow. And I'll be covering this in some time after I go through the other folder, basically the charts. So before that, so this GitHub workflows is driven by something called pipeline templates. So if I just visit this GitHub actions, so this is a registered pipeline template. A pipeline template is nothing is a like it's the same term for GitHub workflows that we use. So basically this particular reference already has those deploy.pub and publish.yml that I used to deliver Zippy. Now you can So we do not opinionate like a hard way for you to you know, we do not opinionate your CI at all. Like we just give you this default one that you can use or you can create your own template you know in your own fashion of how you want that CI to be and you can use that template to register in different repositories. So that's what GitHub workflows was powered from. Now if I go to the other folder which is charts. So this is the helm templates. I think we covered what helm templates was when we were provisioning cluster. So it's just like a bunch of Kubernetes manifest. I have deployment, ingress, service, service account and all those things. And this is driven by the helm templates. Again, we we have just given a sample template of how you can use and leverage to register our application, but again you can you know, it's very playable of how many manifests you want in that chart and you want to use with your application. And So once I So once this is committed we see that there was a action that was triggered. So every time So our our workflows will be like every time you commit to main, an a publish job will be triggered which will just log into GHCR, build the image, build the chart, push the chart. And yeah, that's all. So now if I go to summary maybe, yes. So we see that this image was published and we got this chart. Cool. Now we have an application which is ready to be deployed and you know, used in a cluster, but how do I do that? So I just need to select this version here of the chart and I need to go to the construct UI and go to the app repositories. So here I you can use deploy application here or here. So I would select okay, which cluster I want this application to be going. I'll select maybe pre-prod cluster. development environment and then I'll just put the version that I want to deliver. If I deploy, so what this will do is again everything is GitHub driven, so we have to visit the GitHubs repository. And if you go to registry, so I I selected pre-prod cluster and development environment. So if I go to development environment and pre-prod cluster, so we see a new commit here, now. All right, it says zippy.yaml. And we pre-bake again with everything necessary in Argo CD world for you to deliver that application. Like, you just have to worry about this version. But, if you if you if I just want to go through what everything means here. So, destination name is the cluster name, and I selected development environment, and we associated development environment with development name space, and that's why that name space is associated here. And this is the source. Okay, where I'm getting that Helm chart from. And basically GCR again, and the version that we used. So, now since this is committed in Git GitHub in a Git repo, Argo CD is our GitOps engine that we use to drive the applications. So, if I go to the Argo CD, like this is the Argo CD that comes with my organization. And if I just go to the dev registry pre-prod cluster development, I just refresh here. So, we see that zippy development is getting deployed. If I go in there, I see that that particular version of the app was delivered to that particular cluster and in that particular environment. So, if I just go to the registry manifest, yeah, like development environment and and logs. Yeah, basically there's nothing in there. So, yeah, so this is how you can deliver your repository sorry, your application to a Kubernetes cluster using construct. Uh but again, I want to get back to the deploy.yaml that I that I told I will cover in. So, if I go to zippy, we got this deploy.yaml. I would I would like to show the importance of that. So, if I go to actions and go to deploy to environments, so, let's assume I make some code change. Like, if I go go to main.go and try to change something like in the printf statement something like version like just add a version one. Something like this and just commit. So, every time I push to main, uh uh there should be a new action that should be triggered, which again follows the same flow of okay, I publish a new image, a new Helm chart, and push to GCR. So, just need to wait for this to build. But, if I >> [clears throat] >> if I want to cover what the actions meant. So, basically, if I go to deploy to environments and run workflow, so here it will select okay, I have a new version of the app that I want to deliver to an environment. Now, you can go and like manually change the version here on the GitOps repo every time, or you can just be like, "Hey, I want all the clusters that are associated in this environment to be using the version the new version that we will be building." So, for example, I think I go to summary. I just select this one. And I just select yeah, I want all the clusters associated to the development environment to be using this version. Again, so this drop down was actually is actually coming from when we initially registered the app repository. So, we just hit run workflow. So, this should trigger an update to our GitOps repo. My GitOps repo. So, we should go to action. And sometime I should see a new action that should be triggered. So, this will trigger an action in the GitOps repo saying that, "Hey, GitOps repo, make sure you go to this environment and change all the references of zippy in all the clusters to this new version that I'm giving you." So, if I go to that template environment clusters and just wait for this. So, if you if you see here, find and update all the clusters. So, we saw that okay, in my So, I I had zippy only in that particular cluster, and I updated only one file. So, now if I go to my Argo CD, let's go back here. Let's refresh. You you see that there was this new version 2856 that I committed, and that should be delivered. Yeah, we say a few seconds, and if I look at the logs, so big. Okay, yeah. So, the change that I made. So, that's how you can use the take leverage of the GitHub actions and deliver your apps to a particular cluster without knowing much knowledge. Like, I didn't even use kubectl anywhere anywhere. Uh so, yeah, so that's I think that's what construct does. Gives you a GitOps driven multi-environment promotional story. And yeah, I think that was all the demo that I wanted to show. And one more thing we can cover up would be on the some other things like GitOps catalog. So, we not only help you deliver the repository code that you're building into a cluster, but if you want to associate So, there are like multiple cloud-native tools that are there in the world. So, you can just add a catalog item like Prometheus metric server, GPU operator, whatnot, and you can just register them as a catalog item. And whenever you're creating cluster, you can So, once you add a catalog item, you can actually deploy that catalog item to a cluster. Again, it's GitOps driven. It will be in the same like it will ask you which environment and hold that flow. But, I would not like to cover it I think it's it's I took more time than expected. I think that's right for a follow-up live stream. In fact, we have a whole bunch of live streams that um we plan to to move forward with on a monthly cadence. Um we're going to be taking a timeout and just showing you everything that we can show you about what we're doing with construct. Um GitOps catalog is a huge piece of work. Um it it basically provides you the ability to register anything that you want. Um and by anything, I mean it could be an application that is right for your company, but not right for every single cluster in your company. It's just for the one-offs. Um a lot of times that comes in with like observability tools like DataDog uh is someone considered an expensive tool, but you want to use it a lot of the time, just not all of the time. So, registering that as an application kind in the GitOps catalog is a nice easy way to allow your downstream teams to pull your opinions about the right way to install a DataDog agent into a cluster. But, it's not just for applications, either. It's also for infrastructure as code. Um so, we look at it as like a a true replacement to the backstage technology to any kind of portal technology. Like, because we have the infrastructure and applications and environments, and we know the structure from an RBA standpoint of your development teams, construct is the best positioned to be able to provide a catalog of usable components to your distributed ecosystem and at every cloud. And what we were showing today, I just want to make sure that it that it all comes across well is that like Rishi showed an example today of um how quickly an application repository can be registered with construct and then build itself and deliver itself to some Kubernetes clusters. Um but there's so many variations of that storyline. Like, we only showed Zivo clusters today, but those clusters that we created for dev, stage, prod, they could have just as easily been dev, stage, and prod Zivo, prod AWS, prod GCP in a multi-cluster ecosystem. They could have just as easily been on-premise clusters that we have similar types of cluster provisioning and application and and platform tooling distribution to that ecosystem. Rishi showed today an example of how you can build a container, publish it, and deliver it to a cluster. But, we know concretely that you're going to have all kinds of elaborate delivery stories. And what it what's easy to miss is that like we're only giving you that starting point. We're providing it to you as a template, but we're encouraging you to create that next template that has your CI patterns your favorite way, but integrates with the construct system the way that our examples that shows. The Helm templates the Helm charts that are automatically added to your application repo when you register it. They happen to be our opinionated rather default Helm charts. But, we know that you as a development team might have opinions about the way that you want your Helm charts constructed. You might have front-end Helm charts and back-end Helm charts, and it might be very valuable for you to make the association of which charts go with which application repos. And the construct system provides you those connections as well. It's really just like when you're thinking about construct, there is a place for every single configuration that you care about in a way that no other product on earth has ever tried to do. So, we're looking for feedback. It's obviously early days for us, but don't be scared by our very recent announcement. This has been in the works. We've been developing this product since last August. We're now on like our sixth minor release we're working through and it is incredibly stable and it's built on top of a lot of the sort of patterns and concepts that we learned from the Cooper's ecosystem which I'm sure a lot of you know we ran for many many years and I had several thousands of customers prove those patterns out. So, we feel very good about the architecture and we feel very good about the scalability too. You know, the the partner that we're working on to sort of prove out how deep it can scale has 35,000 engineers that they're delivering this this platform to. That's an enormous type of shop and really presses the boundaries of how far you can scale decks, how far you can scale GitHub actions, how far you can scale all kinds of different components and we have forks already established and running and built into the platform that accommodate the scaling needs. So, we are looking for your feedback. We're looking for early adopters of our Civo hosted control plane. That's available for you today. We'll drop a link in the in the comments, but very easy to get to at construct.saz.construct.io. And yeah, that was Rishi I think a really successful first uh It'll be opportunity to get our our teams work so hard on. It's it's it's truly a great honor and privilege to be demoing this to the world. We have a team of some of the Rishi's a drop in a very large bucket of exceptional engineers that we've amassed over the years. We have just some of the most impressive platform engineers in the cloud native space that I've ever come across. And so, when you buy into the Civo hosted control plane, you're also buying into our platform team to be your platform team. So, for a small to medium-size business that maybe has only one set of infrastructure, if you could use a red phone, if you could use you know, a group of platform engineers that understand this stuff inside and out and can help you plan your project to success. We are that shop. We are ready to help you out to see your journey through to understand the new answers that make your infrastructure complex and we have seen it all before and we are able to accommodate your needs. So, I hope you just reach out and let us know how we can help whoever's next and Rishi great job today with the demo. I think you you Yeah, we have a bunch of questions Q&A from Oh. David. So, first question is does construct support other application package management different than Helm? Yeah, that's a great question. Um so, I we prefer Helm. Just saying that sort of selfishly like Helm is a packaging and delivery tool. We think it's a really good idea and we would encourage it, but yes, we absolutely support all of the component types that Argo CD supports. So, you're talking Kubernetes manifests that you could drop directly in your GitOps folder. Um it could be a application kind of type Helm, type there's other types as well. Rishi, do you know off the top of your head? I know there's a There's a customized implementation of customize is valuable to you. I think there's like a some kind of JSON variation that I haven't ever played with, but everything that Argo CD supports construct supports as well from a delivery standpoint. Second question is does construct already have a SDK CLI or similar? Also, there is there a open tofu slash Terraform provider that can be consumed? So, I can answer that. So, we do not have a SDK CLI, but we use so when we create the management cluster, we do we install the cross plane provider Terraform with customized version. So, but we can surely replace that with open tofu and we are well within the open source version for Terraform. So, there shouldn't be a licensing issue from the Apache license. Thank you, buddy. >> to that? Nah, I think you nailed it there. Next question is is it Does construct support other Git version control systems like GitLab, AWS code commit, any others? We are deep in our spiking on GitLab. We expect very soon to have the same GitLab authentication mechanisms that we just introduced to our GitHub ecosystem with the applications for short-lived off tokens. As soon as that's ready, we'll be introducing that to our self-hosted ecosystem first and then we'll be adopting it in our own Civo pass. Next, I would expect that to be complete within 30 days I think is a pretty safe bet. Yep. Next question is is it possible to consume CI artifacts from construct for the templates and for deployment of apps? I think 100% you can use the only thing like since we use Argo CD as our GitOps engine, it should just needs to be authenticated to that registry from where you're pulling. I think that there we don't have any restriction of where your artifacts reside. So, 100% there. Then the last question is can the GitOps of construct can be connected with Flux CD instead of Argo CD? So, for that one, Argo CD is the one piece of tech that we are pretty married to, but we're only married to it for us. And frankly, I believe in it. I think you should too, but I understand if there's a Flux story that's just incredibly compelling to you. It's a great product as well. The way that would work, you can host Flux in construct. Construct would remain an Argo CD built and delivered I infrastructure and application delivery platform. However, you can add Flux to any cluster and from that point, you can build out whatever Flux oriented ecosystem you choose. I suspect that you'll probably find a lot of overlap with what construct's trying to do with what you would need to hand roll in Flux, but that is an open option to you to add Flux to the GitOps catalog or to one of your cluster templates, install it to a cluster that you create with construct and then you can use it however is best for your organization. And I think that's the last of our questions. Yeah, so thank you for bringing our our Q&A up. I appreciate you, Rishi. I'm in a a new live streaming technology and I'm not sure all the right places to look for everything yet. Oh, no problem. And thank you, David, for the questions. Indeed. Indeed. No, that was fantastic and Rishi, thank you for the demo today and for joining me on my first live stream since we've joined construct. It's been a a very exciting year and a half journey. We have an incredible product in our pocket. We're dying to get it in front of you and in your organization and find any questions that you have. We have a great set of docs at construct.civo.com/docs. One One more question I think we got from our YouTube live. So, is it let me paste that. You can find it in the Slack. I'll I'll just forward you to the Slack. IDP only for cloud, what about on prem? I have special use case where a lot of agencies have it on AD/LDAP. Application is common for all. Want to do SSO for each of the agencies. Yes, and as I think we mentioned that we are working with one of the largest semiconductor companies and they are using AD/LDAP for their SSO. So, this was just since this is a SAS, we wanted to be using Civo OIDC, but if you are using a self-hosted version, you get a lot more features and lot more robust control over what the platform should look like. So, yeah, that was for I'm not sure the name, but yeah, that was for Yeah, very well answered and and thank you for that, Rishi. Yeah, no, we and while we only so far support built-in Civo OIDC and Azure AD, all of the OIDC oriented technologies we're ready to hook up. We just need to know that that story exists and we'll we'll get anything you need added. That's no problem. Yes. Um so, Oh, we got another one. We're we're hopping today. Um I think those were the questions that I can answer. >> That's everything. Yeah, that is everything. Thank you. Um All right, Reecey, well, thank you for joining me in our first live stream with Civo. To our audience, thank you so much for for joining us today. And on behalf of the Construt team that has truly just poured their hearts and souls into this product for the last year. Thank you so much for allowing us to show all your hard work on screen today. Um and yeah, hop into findconstrut.docs. Get yourself a Civo account and you could be a hero by lunchtime. If you have any trouble, I hope you just reach out. You can go to our docs and find the little chat widget. Any question you ask, we'll we'll get wind that that you've got an issue and we'll help you along and make sure that you're successful today. So, thank you for joining our live stream. Reecey, thank you for everything.